src/controlFlow/README.md, before:

# Control Flow in Rust

Control flow in Rust is used to manage the execution of code based on certain conditions and loops. This guide covers the basic control flow constructs in Rust.

## Conditional Statements

### `if` Expressions

The `if` expression allows you to branch your code based on conditions.

```rust
let number = 5;

if number < 10 {
    println!("The number is less than 10");
} else {
    println!("The number is 10 or greater");
}
```

### `else if` and `else`

You can chain multiple conditions using `else if` and provide a fallback with `else`.

```rust
let number = 6;

if number % 4 == 0 {
    println!("The number is divisible by 4");
} else if number % 3 == 0 {
    println!("The number is divisible by 3");
} else if number % 2 == 0 {
    println!("The number is divisible by 2");
} else {
    println!("The number is not divisible by 4, 3, or 2");
}
```

## Looping Constructs

### `loop`

The `loop` keyword creates an infinite loop.

```rust
loop {
    println!("This will print forever!");
}
```

### `while` Loop

The `while` loop runs as long as a condition is true.

```rust
let mut number = 3;

while number != 0 {
    println!("{}!", number);
    number -= 1;
}
println!("LIFTOFF!!!");
```

### `for` Loop

The `for` loop is used to iterate over a collection.

```rust
let a = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50];

for element in a.iter() {
    println!("The value is: {element}");
}
```


### `break` and `continue`

#### `break`

The `break` keyword is used to exit a loop immediately.

```rust
let mut counter = 0;

loop {
    counter += 1;

    if counter == 5 {
        break;
    }
}

println!("The loop stopped at counter = {counter}");
```

### Returning Values from Loops

In Rust, you can return values from loops using the `break` keyword with a value.

```rust
let mut counter = 0;

let result = loop {
    counter += 1;

    if counter == 10 {
        break counter * 2;
    }
};

println!("The result is {result}");
```

In this example, the loop increments the `counter` variable until it reaches 10. When the condition is met, the loop breaks and returns `counter * 2`, which is then assigned to the `result` variable.

This feature is particularly useful when you need to perform a repetitive task until a certain condition is met and then use the result of that task. For example, you might use it to search for an item in a collection and return the index of the item once it's found.

```rust
let numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
let target = 3;
let mut index = 0;

let position = loop {
    if numbers[index] == target {
        break index;
    }

    index += 1;
};

println!("The position of the target is {position}");
```

In this example, the loop iterates through the `numbers` array until it finds the `target` value. When the target is found, the loop breaks and returns the index of the target, which is then assigned to the `position` variable.

#### `continue`

The `continue` keyword is used to skip the rest of the current iteration and move to the next iteration of the loop.

```rust
for number in 1..10 {
    if number % 2 == 0 {
        continue;
    }

    println!("Odd number: {number}");
}
```


## `match` Expressions

The `match` expression is a powerful control flow operator that allows you to compare a value against a series of patterns.

```rust
let number = 1;

match number {
    1 => println!("One!"),
    2 => println!("Two!"),
    3 => println!("Three!"),
    _ => println!("Something else!"),
}
```

## Conclusion

Understanding control flow is essential for writing effective Rust programs. By using `if`, `else if`, `else`, `loop`, `while`, `for`, and `match`, you can control the execution of your code based on various conditions and patterns.

For more detailed information, refer to the [Rust documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch03-05-control-flow.html).

Commit message:

docs: update the return values from loop section

src/controlFlow/README.md, after:

# Control Flow in Rust

Control flow in Rust is used to manage the execution of code based on certain conditions and loops. This guide covers the basic control flow constructs in Rust.

## Conditional Statements

### `if` Expressions

The `if` expression allows you to branch your code based on conditions.

```rust
let number = 5;

if number < 10 {
    println!("The number is less than 10");
} else {
    println!("The number is 10 or greater");
}
```

### `else if` and `else`

You can chain multiple conditions using `else if` and provide a fallback with `else`.

```rust
let number = 6;

if number % 4 == 0 {
    println!("The number is divisible by 4");
} else if number % 3 == 0 {
    println!("The number is divisible by 3");
} else if number % 2 == 0 {
    println!("The number is divisible by 2");
} else {
    println!("The number is not divisible by 4, 3, or 2");
}
```

## Looping Constructs

### `loop`

The `loop` keyword creates an infinite loop.

```rust
loop {
    println!("This will print forever!");
}
```

### `while` Loop

The `while` loop runs as long as a condition is true.

```rust
let mut number = 3;

while number != 0 {
    println!("{}!", number);
    number -= 1;
}
println!("LIFTOFF!!!");
```

### `for` Loop

The `for` loop is used to iterate over a collection.

```rust
let a = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50];

for element in a.iter() {
    println!("The value is: {element}");
}
```


### `break` and `continue`

#### `break`

The `break` keyword is used to exit a loop immediately.

```rust
let mut counter = 0;

loop {
    counter += 1;

    if counter == 5 {
        break;
    }
}

println!("The loop stopped at counter = {counter}");
```

### Returning Values from Loops

In Rust, you can return values from loops using the `break` keyword with a value.

```rust
let mut counter = 0;

let result = loop {
    counter += 1;

    if counter == 10 {
        break counter * 2;
    }
};

println!("The result is {result}");
```

In this example, the loop increments the `counter` variable until it reaches 10. When the condition is met, the loop breaks and returns `counter * 2`, which is then assigned to the `result` variable.

This feature is particularly useful when you need to perform a repetitive task until a certain condition is met and then use the result of that task. For example, you might use it to search for an item in a collection and return the index of the item once it's found.

```rust
let numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
let target = 3;
let mut index = 0;

let position = loop {
    if numbers[index] == target {
        break index;
    }

    index += 1;
};

println!("The position of the target is {position}");
```

In this example, the loop iterates through the `numbers` array until it finds the `target` value. When the target is found, the loop breaks and returns the index of the target, which is then assigned to the `position` variable.

You can also `return` from inside a loop. While `break` only exits the current loop, `return` always exits the current function.


#### `continue`

The `continue` keyword is used to skip the rest of the current iteration and move to the next iteration of the loop.

```rust
for number in 1..10 {
    if number % 2 == 0 {
        continue;
    }

    println!("Odd number: {number}");
}
```


## `match` Expressions

The `match` expression is a powerful control flow operator that allows you to compare a value against a series of patterns.

```rust
let number = 1;

match number {
    1 => println!("One!"),
    2 => println!("Two!"),
    3 => println!("Three!"),
    _ => println!("Something else!"),
}
```

## Conclusion

Understanding control flow is essential for writing effective Rust programs. By using `if`, `else if`, `else`, `loop`, `while`, `for`, and `match`, you can control the execution of your code based on various conditions and patterns.

For more detailed information, refer to the [Rust documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch03-05-control-flow.html).
